https://codepen.io/Tashby/pen/JjdXOYR?editors=1100


    1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic HTML is providing meaning to the structure of a webpage using various HTML tags such as section and footer.
    2. What is HTML used for? For marking up and structuring web pages.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute is a built-in keyword that effects an html element. We place it within an opening html tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The h1 tag is used to define an element of text as the 1st header or top-level header. It should be used as few times as possible, typically only once for the title.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. The a tag and the img tag.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? The MetaData that won’t appear visually, such as links to stylesheets.
    7. What is an id? An ID is a unique identifier for an html element; it can only be used once.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? You can add it to any element; but it should be unique.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once
    10. What is a class? A Class is an identifier; it differs from an ID in that it can be used on multiple elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As many times as needed
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? Add the attribute target="_blank" to the opening “a” tag.
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? the alt tag specifies alternative text that will appear in place of an element that cannot render on a site. It is used in accessibility software
    15. How do I reference an id? using the # in CSS
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div. Nothing in terms of the computer. There is a semantic difference. Div’s are broad, and sections are more specific. They are usually used around groups of HTML elements that will be “grouped” together.
    17. What is CSS used for? It is used to style your HTML. colors, fonts etc.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. We write the name of the element and then curly braces after. ex - h2 {“css goes here”}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. A class is used for groupings, an ID can only be used once and for a single element.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? we use the period “.” before the class name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? The parent child selector selects all elements that are related to that element. It’s useful for selecting all elements that are within, above, around, or a part of an element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector? It’s a keyword that you add to a css selector that declares an extra action based on something; such as hovering over an element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: uppercase, lowercase, and capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? * selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* write your comments between the backslash and stars */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? The rm command. You can delete your system if you’re not careful.
    34. Why should I use version control? It allows you to keep track of your changes, and revert back to previous states if there is an error
    35. How often should I commit to github? As often as possible. Every 15 minutes to be safe.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? Blocks make an element become a block level element. Visually block elements will stack on top of each other. Whereas inline elements will appear in one line next to each other. 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? It means that the element is placed at an exact location on the page based on the location and css properties, no matter what other elements are around it. The other elements will conform around it. 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? You can use a % to indicate the size of the element. That way it will take up exactly the amount of space it needs based on the browser window.
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 



   --> 